feat: document rec interval overides (#622)
syntasso/kratix-docs: docs/main/03-reference/12-workflows.md

A particular workflow (e.g. `resource.configure`) is an array of Kratix Pipeline objects
that will be executed in order.

See the [Pipelines](#pipelines) section to learn how to define a Pipeline.

## Reconciliation interval

Kratix re-runs Configure workflows periodically, even when nothing has changed. By default this uses the platform-wide
[`reconciliationInterval`](/main/reference/kratix-config/config#reconciliationinterval-default-10h)
(10h). A Promise author can override it under `spec.workflows.config`:

```yaml
spec:
  workflows:
    config:
      reconciliationInterval: 30m
```

> The value is a Go duration string of at least `1m`; zero, negative, and sub-minute values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value is a string in [Go time.ParseDuration format](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration) of at least `1m`; zero, negative, and sub-minute values
```

A particular workflow (e.g. `resource.configure`) is an array of Kratix Pipeline objects
that will be executed in order.

See the [Pipelines](#pipelines) section to learn how to define a Pipeline.

## Reconciliation interval

Kratix re-runs Configure workflows periodically, even when nothing has changed, to correct

> drift. By default this uses the platform-wide

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kratix re-runs Configure workflows periodically, even when nothing has changed. By default this uses the platform-wide
```

[`reconciliationInterval`](/main/reference/kratix-config/config#reconciliationinterval-default-10h)
(10h). A Promise author can override it under `spec.workflows.config`:

```yaml
spec:
  workflows:
    config:
      reconciliationInterval: 30m
```

The value is a Go duration string of at least `1m`; zero, negative, and sub-minute values
are rejected. It applies to the Promise's own workflow and to every Resource request, and
governs failure retries as well as successful re-runs. When unset, Kratix falls back to the

> platform-wide interval, then to the 10h default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The value is a Go duration string of at least `1m`; zero, negative, and sub-minute values
are rejected. It applies to the Promise's own workflow and to every Resource request. 
When unset, Kratix falls back to the platform-wide interval, then to the 10h default.
```

The interval is read from the
[Promise Revision](/main/reference/promises/promise-upgrade/promise-revisions) an object is
bound to, so changing it means publishing a new Promise version. To override it on an
existing revision instead, see

> [Overriding the reconciliation interval](/main/reference/promises/promise-upgrade/promise-revisions#overriding-the-reconciliation-interval).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The interval is read from the [Promise Revision](/main/reference/promises/promise-upgrade/promise-revisions) associated with the Promise. To override it on an existing revision, see [Overriding the reconciliation interval](/main/reference/promises/promise-upgrade/promise-revisions#overriding-the-reconciliation-interval).
```
